Update CA1416 with custom guards and TFM target requires AssemblyInfo.cs enabled (#24523)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1416.md

Accessing an APIs annotated with the above attributes from the context of a different platform could cause violations.

### TFM target plaforms

> The analyzer does not check TFM target platforms from MSBuild properties such as <`TargetFramework>` or `<TargetFrameworks>`, if the TFM has a target platform MSBuild would inject `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute with the targeted platform name in the `AssemblyInfo.cs` file which is consumed by the analyzer. For example if the TFM is `net5.0-windows`, MSBuild would inject `[assembly: System.Runtime.Versioning.SupportedOSPlatform("windows7.0")]` attribute into the `AssemblyInfo.cs` and the entire assembly would considered to be windows only. Therefore calling a windows only APIs versioned with 7.0 or below from windows targeted project would not cause any warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analyzer does not check TFM target platforms from MSBuild properties such as `<TargetFramework>` or `<TargetFrameworks>`. If the TFM has a target platform, MSBuild would inject `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute with the targeted platform name in the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file which is consumed by the analyzer. For example, if the TFM is `net5.0-windows`, MSBuild would inject `[assembly: System.Runtime.Versioning.SupportedOSPlatform("windows7.0")]` attribute into the *AssemblyInfo.cs* and the entire assembly would considered to be windows only. Therefore, calling windows only APIs versioned with 7.0 or below from windows targeted project would not cause any warning.
```

> The analyzer does not check TFM target platforms from MSBuild properties such as `<TargetFramework>` or `<TargetFrameworks>`. If the TFM has a target platform, MSBuild would inject `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute with the targeted platform name in the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file which is consumed by the analyzer. For example, if the TFM is `net5.0-windows`, MSBuild would inject `[assembly: System.Runtime.Versioning.SupportedOSPlatform("windows7.0")]` attribute into the *AssemblyInfo.cs* and the entire assembly would considered to be windows only. Therefore, calling windows only APIs versioned with 7.0 or below from windows targeted project would not cause any warning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The analyzer does not check target framework moniker (TFM) target platforms from MSBuild properties, such as `<TargetFramework>` or `<TargetFrameworks>`. If the TFM has a target platform, MSBuild injects a `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute with the targeted platform name in the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file, which is consumed by the analyzer. For example, if the TFM is `net5.0-windows`, MSBuild injects the `[assembly: System.Runtime.Versioning.SupportedOSPlatform("windows7.0")]` attribute into the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file, and the entire assembly is considered to be Windows only. Therefore, calling Windows-only APIs versioned with 7.0 or below  would not cause any warnings in the project.
```

  > [!NOTE]

>   > In case the `AssemblyInfo.cs` file generation is disabled for the project (i.e. `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>`) the required assembly level `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute could not be added by MSBuild, therefore you could see warnings for a platform specific APIs usage even if you are targeting that platform. In this case you might want to enable the `AssemblyInfo.cs` file generation or add the attribute manually in your project.

Reviewer: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/i/ie

```suggestion
  > In case the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file generation is disabled for the project (that is, `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>`), the required assembly level `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute could not be added by MSBuild, therefore you could see warnings for a platform specific APIs usage even if you are targeting that platform. In this case, you might want to enable the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file generation or add the attribute manually in your project.
```

>   > In case the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file generation is disabled for the project (that is, `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>`), the required assembly level `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute could not be added by MSBuild, therefore you could see warnings for a platform specific APIs usage even if you are targeting that platform. In this case, you might want to enable the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file generation or add the attribute manually in your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  > If the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file generation is disabled for the project (that is, the `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>` property is set to `false`), the required assembly level `SupportedOSPlatform` attribute can't be added by MSBuild. In this case, you could see warnings for a platform-specific APIs usage even if you're targeting that platform. To resolve the warnings, enable the *AssemblyInfo.cs* file generation or add the attribute manually in your project.
```

  public void Caller()
  {
      LinuxOnlyApi(); // This call site is reachable on all platforms. 'LinuxOnlyApi()' is only supported on: 'linux'.

      SupportedOnWindowsAndIos14(); // This call site is reachable on all platforms. 'SupportedOnWindowsAndIos14()' 
                                    // is only supported on: 'windows', 'ios' 14.0 and later
  }

  [SupportedOSPlatformGuard("Windows")]  // The platform guard attributes used
  [SupportedOSPlatformGuard("ios14.0")]
  private readonly bool _isWindowOrMacOS14 = OperatingSystem.IsWindows() || OperatingSystem.IsMacOSVersionAtLeast(14);

  // The warnings are avoided using platform guard methods.
  public void Caller()
  {
      if (OperatingSystem.IsLinux()) // standard guard examples
      {
          LinuxOnlyApi(); // no diagnostic
      }

>       if (OperatingSystem.IsIOSVersionAtLeast(14)) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      if (OperatingSystem.IsIOSVersionAtLeast(14))
```

## See also

> - [Platform compatibility analyzer conceptual document](../../../standard/analyzers/platform-compat-analyzer.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Platform compatibility analyzer (conceptual)](../../../standard/analyzers/platform-compat-analyzer.md)
```
